Hey everyone.
So, in this video we
are going to talk about
the different commands that you
can run on a Unix terminal.
So Randy here will start going
through some common ones here.
>> So, some common ones,
some important ones would be LS.
LS is just a command that lists everything
in the current directory you're in, and
cd allows you to change your directory so
you can move around.
Say you're in your home directory, you
want to see your documents, cd documents.
>> Right.
>> Another important
one would be something like sudo and
sudo su.
We covered those earlier
in the previous lesson.
And that's basically
becoming a super user so
you can execute commands that you
normally wouldn't be able to.
>> Right.
>> And all these commands are common
commands that we'll be going over or
we'll be using throughout the course.
>> Yeah.
>> So like we said,
if you can pause the video, look over it,
maybe in the course later on you
might forget, just come back.
>> Yes.
So make sure
you get comfortable
using this at any time.
And lastly, we have a website there,
ss64.com/bash.
And, basically,
that website contains a very,
very comprehensive list of all
the different Unix commands.
So, you can go on there and find the Unix
command for whatever you wanna do.
>> Right, and
if you're not satisfied with one,
you can check out the procedure documents,
and we'll have more resources for you.
>> Yeah, and with that,
we'll wrap up the Unix commands video and
we'll see you in the next video.